docs: add dedicated installation by binary released (#395)
kubernetes-sigs/cloud-provider-kind: docs/_sidebar.md

- Install 

  - [Installation with go ](user/install/install_go.md)
  - [Installation with a package manager](user/install/install_package_manager.md)
  - [Running with docker](user/install/install_docker.md)

>   - [Installation downloading the binary released](user/install/install_downloading_binary.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Installation from the binary release](user/install/install_downloading_binary.md)
```
